 WinZip Holdings will give, and the Seller shall cause WinZip Holdings to give, between the date hereof and the Closing, full access to the premises, assets, books, accounts, tax returns, contracts, commitments, records and personnel of each of the WinZip Entities to the Purchaser and its accountants, legal advisers and representatives during normal business hours and furnish the Purchaser and its representatives with all such information relating to the Business and the Company s affairs and assets as the Purchaser may reasonably request.

 This Agreement may be amended and the observance of any provision hereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of you and the Company.

 The Licensee shall ensure that the Licensee and all of its staff, agents, contractors and any other party performing its obligations or exercising its rights under or in connection with this Agreement and/or any other agreement that the Licensee may have with RM, complies at all times with all applicable anti bribery and/or corruption laws, regulations and codes of conduct in all jurisdictions. The Licensee shall, whenever requested by RM, provide evidence of the measures, steps and processes that it takes to ensure compliance with the provisions of this clause and the relevant laws, regulations and codes of conduct.

 Any material license, consent, authorization, registration or approval at any time necessary to enable the Borrower or any Principal Subsidiary to conduct its business shall be revoked, withdrawn or otherwise cease to be in full force and effect, unless the same would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

   . .  Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, neither party may without the prior written consent of the other party, assign, grant any security interest over or otherwise transfer the benefit of the whole or any part of this Agreement.

 (a) The Custodian shall maintain complete and accurate records with respect to Securities, cash or other property held for the Fund, including (i) journals or other records of original entry containing an itemized daily record in detail of all receipts and deliveries of Securities and all receipts and disbursements of cash; (ii) ledgers (or other records) reflecting (A) Securities in transfer, (B) Securities in physical possession, (C) monies and Securities borrowed and monies and Securities loaned (together with a record of the collateral therefor and substitutions of such collateral), (D) dividends and interest received, and (E) dividends receivable and interest receivable; (iii) canceled checks and bank records related thereto; and (iv) all records relating to its activities and obligations under this Agreement. The Custodian shall keep such other books and records of the Fund as the Trust shall reasonably request, or as may be required by the      Act, including, but not limited to, Section    of the      Act and Rule   a   promulgated thereunder.

 The Restricted Stock Units are subject to the following rules in the event the Participant remains in continuous employment with the Company or its Subsidiaries until the date of a change in control described in this subsection, which rules shall apply in lieu of the default Change in Control provisions under the Plan. Upon the occurrence of an event that: (A) occurs before the Final Vesting Date; (B) is a Change in Control; and (C) constitutes a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Code Section    A and the Treasury regulations and guidance issued thereunder (a    RSU Change in Control   ), any Restricted Stock Units that have not vested prior to the date of the RSU Change in Control shall immediately vest.

 Unless otherwise agreed by the Executive and the Company, during the Employment Period, the Company will pay Executive an amount equal to     ,    per annum (as in effect from time to time, the    Salary   ) as compensation for services. Effective on each anniversary of the term of this Agreement, the Salary will increase by an amount equal to    of the annual amount of the Salary in effect immediately prior to such increase; provided in each case the Board has made the determination that the financial performance of the Company can support such an increase. The Salary will be payable in regular installments in accordance with the general payroll practices of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

 Neither BETA nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of BETA, any officer, director or employee of BETA or any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any applicable order, judgment, injunction, award or decree, related to, arising out of or affecting the business or operations of BETA or any of its subsidiaries or their respective properties or assets. Neither BETA nor any of its subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of BETA, any officer, director or employee of either BETA or any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any federal, state, local or foreign law, ordi  nance, regulation or any other requirement of any governmental or regulatory body, court or arbitrator (including, without limita  tion, laws relating to the environment and OSHA and the Americans with Disabilities Act) other than insignificant or immaterial violations which do not and will not adversely affect (i) BETA    Business or Property; (ii) the business proposed to be conducted by USAVE after the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (iii) the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each permit, license, order or approval of any governmental or regulatory body or other applica  ble authority (   Permits   ) that is material to the conduct of BETA    Business is in full force and effect, no violations are or have been recorded in respect of any permit and no proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of BETA, threatened, to revoke or limit any Permit, which revocation or limitation could have an adverse effect on BETA    Business or Property or the business to be conducted by BETA after the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Schedule  .   contains a list of all Permits. Except as set forth on Schedule  .  , no approval or consent of any person is needed in order that the Permits continue in full force and effect following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

 The Administrator agrees on behalf of itself and its employees to treat confidentially and as proprietary information of the Fund all records relative to the Fund   s Investors, not to use such records and information for any purpose other than performance of the Services, and not to disclose such information except where the Administrator may be exposed to civil or criminal proceedings for failure to comply, when requested to divulge such information by duly constituted authorities or court process, when subject to governmental or regulatory audit or investigation, or when so requested by the Fund. In case of any requests or demands for inspection of the records of the Fund, the Administrator will endeavor to notify an Authorized Person promptly and to secure instructions from an Authorized Person as to such inspection, unless prohibited by law from making such notification. Records and information which have become known to the public through no wrongful act of the Administrator or any of its employees, agents or representatives, and information which was already in the possession of the Administrator prior to the date hereof, shall not be subject to this Section.

 VENDOR represents and warrants that neither it nor any of its directors, officers, members, partners or employees, have any interest nor shall they acquire any interest, directly or indirectly which would or may conflict in any manner or degree with the performance or rendering of the SERVICES herein provided. VENDOR further represents and warrants that in the performance of this Agreement, no person having such interest or possible interest shall be employed by it and that no elected official or other officer or employee of the COUNTY, nor any person whose salary is payable, in whole or in part, by the COUNTY, or any corporation, partnership or association in which such official, officer or employee is directly or indirectly interested shall have any such interest, direct or indirect, in this Agreement or in the proceeds thereof, unless such person ( ) if required by the Orange County Ethics Law as amended from time to time, to submit a Disclosure form to the Orange County Board of Ethics, amends such Disclosure Form to include their interest in this Agreement, or ( ) if not required to complete and submit such a disclosure form, said person must either voluntarily complete and submit said Disclosure form disclosing their interest in this Agreement or seek a formal opinion from the Orange County Ethics Board as to whether or not a conflict of interest exists. For a breach or violation of such representations or warranties, the COUNTY shall have the right to annul this Agreement without liability, entitling the COUNTY to recover all monies paid hereunder and VENDOR shall not make claim for, or be entitled to recover, any sum or sums otherwise due under this Agreement. This remedy, if elected, shall not constitute the sole remedy afforded the COUNTY for such falsity or breach, nor shall it constitute a waiver of the COUNTY   s right to claim damages or otherwise refuse payment to or to take any other action provided for by law in equity or, pursuant to this Agreement.

 Each team is privileged to call upon consultants or those resource people necessary to present its case. No more than one consultant may be permitted to address the negotiators at one time.

 This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if the signature thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.

 Quintiles and Sponsor agree to comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations. If the services will involve the collection or processing of personal data (as defined by applicable data protection legislation) within the European Economic Area (   EEA   ), then Sponsor shall serve as the controller of such data, as defined by the European Union (   EU   ) Data Protection Directive (the    Directive   ), and Quintiles shall act only under the instructions of the Sponsor in regard to personal data. If Sponsor is not based in the EEA, Sponsor must appoint an EEA company to act as its local representative for data protection purposes in order to comply with the Directive, and if Sponsor requests that a Quintiles Affiliate in the EEA serve as its local representative, and Quintiles agrees, then the parties shall negotiate and enter into a separate agreement specifying such representative duties. If Quintiles determines that it is required, the parties shall enter into a Data Transfer Agreement between the parties containing the Standard Contractual Clauses set forth by the EU Commission Decision of    June      (Decision     /   /EC) before Quintiles will assume any such representative duties.

 Any violation of the terms of the Lease unless it has been corrected (   cured   ) by Homeowner or the holder of a Permitted Mortgage in the specified period of time after a written Notice of Default has been given by CLT.

 As used in this Amendment, capitalized terms shall have the same meanings assigned thereto in the Note Purchase Agreement.

 If the Executive has incurred a Disability, the Company may terminate the Term and the Executive s employment hereunder.

 If any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Plan, or the breach thereof, cannot be settled through negotiation, the parties agree first to try in good faith to settle such dispute by mediation administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Mediation Rules. If the parties fail to settle such dispute within    days after the commencement of such mediation, such dispute shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the arbitral award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

 This Amendment shall be deemed effective upon approval by the Commission; however, the Parties may agree to implement the provisions of this Amendment upon execution. To accommodate this need, CLEC must generate, if necessary, an updated Customer Questionnaire. In addition to the Questionnaire, all system updates will need to be completed by Qwest. CLEC will be notified when all system changes have been made. Actual order processing may begin once these requirements have been met. Additionally, Qwest shall implement any necessary billing changes within two ( ) billing cycles after the latest execution date of this Amendment, with a true up back to the latest execution date of this Amendment by the end of the second billing cycle. The Parties agree that so long as Qwest implements the billing changes and the true up as set forth above, the CLEC s bills shall be deemed accurate and adjusted without error.

 This Agreement, including the Appendices attached hereto and referenced herein, constitutes the full understanding of the Parties and a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of their agreement with respect to the specific subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral and written, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. No terms, conditions, understandings or agreements purporting to amend, modify or vary the terms of this Agreement (including any Appendix hereto) shall be binding unless hereafter made in a written instrument referencing this Agreement and signed by each of the Parties.

 Except with the prior written approval of the CEO (which the CEO may grant or withhold in his or her sole and absolute discretion), Executive shall devote substantially all of Executive   s working time, attention, and energies to the business of the Company, except during any paid vacation or other excused absence periods. Nothing in this section prevents Executive from engaging in additional activities in connection with personal investments and community affairs. Executive may also serve as a member of the board of directors or board of advisors of another organization provided (i) such organization is not a competitor of the Company; (ii) Executive receives prior written approval from the Company   s CEO; and (iii) such activities do not individually or in the aggregate interfere with the performance of Executive   s duties under this Agreement, violate the Company   s standards of conduct then in effect, or raise a conflict under the Company   s conflict of interest policies.

 The audited, consolidated balance sheet of the Consolidated Group at December   ,     , together with the related statements of income, stockholders    equity and cash flows and the related notes and supplemental information, in the forms which have previously been delivered to the Lenders, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, except as otherwise indicated in the notes to such financial statements. All of such financial statements fairly present, in accordance with GAAP, the consolidated financial position and the results of operations, as the case may be, of the Consolidated Group, at the dates or for the periods indicated.

 An Event of Default shall not be deemed to have occurred as a result of a breach or failure by the Company is such breach or failure is caused by Acts of God, government restrictions (including the denial or cancellation of any export or other necessary license), wars, insurrections and/or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the Company; provided that the Company shall give Holders written notice explaining the cause and its eRect in reasonable detail. Dates by which performance obligations are scheduled to be met will be extended for a period of time equal to the time lost due to any delay so caused.

 If, at any time after the Closing, the parties shall consider or be advised that any further deeds, assignments or assurances in law or that any other things are necessary, desirable or proper to complete the merger in accordance with the terms of this agreement or to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, the title to any property or rights of the parties hereto, the Parties agree that their proper officers and directors shall execute and deliver all such proper deeds, assignments and assurances in law and do all things necessary, desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm title to such property or rights and otherwise to carry out the purpose of this Agreement, and that the proper officers and directors the parties are fully authorized to take any and all such action.

 EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY PARTY HERETO MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

 The Union w i l l appoint and the Employer w i l l recognize a Committee of Shop Stewards all regular employees of the Employer shall be known as the Grievance Committee, to deal with the complaints and grievances referred to it. Members of this Committee any changes therein shall be made known to the Employer and the Em  ployer will notify the Union of the names of Department Heads re  sponsible for complaints and grievances. Alleged complaints and grievances shall be dealt with i n the manner: The aggrieved employee or employees shall f i r s t discuss the com  plaint with the Department Head within three ( ) working days. The or employees may be by a member of the If the alleged complaint is not settled within three ( ) working days from notification of Department Head, the complainant (or the Union, if a general grievance) shall then immediately refer the grievance i n to the hospital Administrator, or his repre  sentative. The Administrator shall then give his decision i n writing to the Committee, not later  than five (   ) working days following the presentation to him of the written grievance. If the written decision of the Administrator, or his not satisfactory, the Committee may ten (  ) work  ing days thereafter appeal, writing, to the Board. The Board shall give its reply i n writing as soon as possible, but in no case shall more than twenty (  ) working days lapse before a reply is received unless by mutual consent of the parties. It is agreed that the Union or his deputy may act as a member of the Committee at the request of either party.

 The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay in full to the Holders the Guarantee Payments (without duplication of amounts theretofore paid by the Issuer), as and when due, regardless of any defense, right of set off or counterclaim that the Issuer may have or assert. The Guarantor s obligation to make a Guarantee Payment may be satisfied by direct payment of the required amounts by the Guarantor to the Holders or by causing the Issuer to pay such amounts to the Holders.

 (a) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and each underwriter, if any, which facilitates the disposition of Registrable Securities, and each of their respective officers and directors and each person who controls such Investor or underwriter within the meaning of Section    of the Securities Act or Section    of the Exchange Act (each such person being sometimes hereinafter referred to as an  Indemnified Person ) from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Indemnified Person may become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement or an omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading, or arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Prospectus or an omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and the Company hereby agrees to reimburse such Indemnified Person for all reasonable legal and other expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim as and when such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable to any such Indemnified Person in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon (i) an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement made in, or an omission or alleged omission from, such Registration Statement or Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use therein or (ii) in the case of the occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section  (e), the use by the Indemnified Person of an outdated or defective Prospectus after the Company has provided to such Indemnified Person an updated Prospectus correcting the untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission giving rise to such loss, claim, damage or liability.

 Subject to the terms and limitations of the Loan Documents, Manager shall procure and maintain, or shall cause another Fertitta Controlled Affiliate or Station Casinos LLC to procure and maintain, at terms and rates and providing the types of coverage reasonably acceptable to Owner, and with insurance companies reasonably acceptable to Owner, the following levels of insurance for each Managed Property, which levels of insurance may be provided by blanket insurance policies covering one or more of the Combined Properties and Manager LV Properties with aggregate limits not less than the amounts set forth below:

 The Company and the Company Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks, service marks and all applications and registrations therefor, trade names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, original works of authorship, inventions, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights (   Intellectual Property Rights   ) necessary to conduct their business as conducted on the date of this Agreement. To the Knowledge of the Company, no product or service of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries infringes the Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have not received notice of any claim being made or brought, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, being threatened, against the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries regarding (i) their Intellectual Property Rights, or (ii) that the products or services of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of others. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries are not aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing claims. The computers, computer software, firmware, middleware, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, data communications lines, and all other information technology equipment, and all associated documentation used in the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (the    IT Assets   ) operate and perform in all material respects in accordance with their documentation and functional specifications and otherwise as required in connection with the business. To the Company   s Knowledge, no person has gained unauthorized access to the IT Assets. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have implemented reasonable backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry practices. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries take reasonable measures, directly or indirectly, to ensure the confidentiality, privacy and security of customer, employee and other confidential information. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have complied with all internet domain name registration and other requirements of internet domain registrars concerning internet domain names that are used in the business.

 This Agreement shall not be construed more strongly against any party hereto regardless of which party may have been more responsible for the preparation of Agreement.

 There is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending against, or to the best knowledge of Max Re threatened against or affecting Max Re or any of its properties before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency, official or authority that (i) could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect or (ii) in any manner would enjoin, alter, call into question, affect or delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

 The members of the Board shall not be responsible or liable in any event for any neglect or wrongdoing of any officer, agent, employee, adviser or principal underwriter of the Fund, nor shall any member be responsible for the act or omission of any other member, but nothing herein contained shall protect any member against any liability to which he or she would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office. Every note, bond, contract, instrument, certificate, share or undertaking and every other act or thing whatsoever executed or done by on behalf of the Fund or the Board or any of them in connection with the Fund shall be conclusively deemed to have been executed or done only in or with respect to their or his or her capacity as members or a member, and such members or member shall not be personally liable thereon.

 The Company will continue to carry its existing insurance through the Closing Date, and shall not allow any material breach, default or cancellation (other than expiration and replacement of policies in the ordinary cause of business) of such insurance policies or agreements to occur or exist.

 (a) Subject to Section  (d), the business and affairs of the Company shall be managed by or under the direction of the Economic Member. Subject to Section   and this Section  , the Economic Member may determine at any time in its sole and absolute discretion the number of Independent Members, provided that the number of Independent Members shall never be less than two ( ). The initial number of Independent Members shall be two ( ). The initial Independent Members designated by the Economic Member are Richard B. Ford and Ricardo Beausoleil.

 Participants in any administrative Region wide or District wide meetings of employee representatives other than UTLA designates, called or sponsored by the District, shall not discuss interpretations of the Agreement, proposed changes to the Agreement, or alleged violations of the Agreement.

 This Purchase Order does not make either party an agent or legal representative of the other for any purpose whatsoever, and no partnership, franchise or joint venture is intended to be created hereby. No party is granted any right or authority to assume or create any obligation, express or implied, on behalf of or in the name of the other, or to bind the other in any manner whatsoever. Vendor is acting as an independent contractor of Purchaser in connection with this Purchase Order and persons retained by Vendor as employees, agents or contractors shall not be deemed to be employees, agents or contractors of Purchaser for any purpose whatsoever.

 No change shall have occurred in the business, affairs, financial condition or operations of Etna between the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

 During the term of my employment agreement with Changyou.com Limited and continuing after the termination of such employment agreement for the longer of (i) one year after the termination of such employment agreement for any reason and (ii) such period of time as Changyou is paying to me any severance benefits (the    Noncompete Period   ), I will not, on my own behalf, or as owner, manager, stockholder (other than as stockholder of less than    of the outstanding stock of a company that is publicly traded or listed on a stock exchange), consultant, director, officer or employee of or in any other manner connected with any business entity, participate or be involved in any Competitor without the prior written authorization of Changyou.    Competitor    means any business of the type and character of business in which Changyou engages or proposes to engage and may include, without limitation, an individual, company, enterprise, partnership enterprise, government office, committee, social organization or other organization that, in any event, produces, distributes or provides the same or substantially similar kind of product or service as Changyou. On the date of this Employee Non competition, Non solicitation, Confidential Information and Work Product Agreement (this    Agreement   ),    Competitors    of Changyou include all competitors listed in Changyou   s annual reports on Form    F filed from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

 .  The CONSULTANT shall not discriminate against an employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, national origin or ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, or disability, marital status, family status, lawful source of income or status as a victim of domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking, which includes, but is not limited to, the following: employment, upgrading, demotion or transfer, recruitment or recruitment advertising; lay off or termination; rates of pay or other forms of compensation; and selection for training, including apprenticeship. .  The CONSULTANT shall post in conspicuous places, available to employees, notices to be provided by the County, setting forth provisions of non discrimination clause. .  A violation of this Section    shall be sufficient cause for OWNER to terminate this Agreement without liability for uncompleted portion or for materials or services purchased or paid for by CONSULTANT for use in completing this Agreement.

 During the term of this Agreement, the Adviser (and its affiliates under its control) shall not solicit or knowingly assist in the solicitation of any Portfolio Manager of the Fund or any portfolio assistant of the Fund then employed by the Subadviser or OpCap, provided, however, that the Adviser (or its affiliates) may solicit or hire any such individual who (A) the Subadviser or OpCap (or its affiliates) has terminated or (B) has voluntarily terminated his or her employment with the Subadviser, OpCap (or its affiliates) without inducement of the Adviser (or its affiliates under its control) prior to the time of such solicitation. Advertising in general circulation newspapers or industry newsletters by the Adviser shall not constitute  inducement  by the Adviser (or its affiliates under its control).

 Termination of this Agreement by TNS or termination of this Agreement by Executive shall be communicated by written notice to the other Party hereto, specifically indicating the termination provision relied upon.

 The Company has all franchises, permits, licenses and any similar authority necessary for the conduct of its business, the lack of which could materially and adversely affect the business, properties, prospects, or financial condition of the Company. The Company is not in default in any material respect under any of such franchises, permits, licenses or other similar authority that would materially and adversely affect the Company s business.

 The Depositor has all requisite limited liability company power and authority (i) to own its properties and conduct its business as presently owned or conducted and (ii) to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder.

 The Manager hereby grants to the Servicer a limited power of attorney to execute all documents on its behalf (including as the    Manager    of the Company, in turn acting on behalf of the Company) in accordance with the Servicing Standard set forth below and as may be necessary to effectuate the Servicer   s obligations under this Agreement until such time as the Manager revokes said limited power of attorney.

 The parties desire to enter into this Agreement consistent with all applicable federal, state and local statutes, rules and regulations in effect as of the date of its execution including, without limitation, the Act at Sections    and    . The access and interconnection obligations contained herein enable Carrier to provide Paging Services in those areas where it is authorized to provide such service within the nine state region of BellSouth. Carrier remains liable to BellSouth for payment for all services and facilities obtained from BellSouth prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement pursuant to the applicable tariff or contract provisions. Until otherwise ordered by the FCC, this Agreement does not provide for the access to Unbundled Network Elements.

 A. The Company and Indemnitee recognize the continued difficulty in obtaining liability insurance for its directors, officers, employees, agents and fiduciaries, the significant increases in the cost of such insurance and the general reductions in the coverage of such insurance.

 Except as hereinafter provided, all expenses incident to the Company   s performance of or compliance with this ARTICLE   shall be borne by the Company. In addition, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Members participating in the Offering (the    Participating Members   ) for the reasonable fees and expenses of one attorney to the Participating Members selected by SNR incurred in connection with a registration pursuant to this ARTICLE  . Except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, each Participating Member shall bear the costs and expenses of any underwriters    discounts and commissions or other fees, brokerage fees or transfer taxes relating to the Interests in the Company or shares of capital stock of Newco sold by such Member and the fees and expenses of any other attorneys, accountants or other representatives retained by such Member.

 Executive shall be reimbursed for all reasonable  out of pocket  business expenses for business travel and business entertainment incurred in connection with the performance of his duties under this Agreement. The reimbursement of Executive s business expenses shall be upon monthly presentation to and approval by the Company of valid receipts and other appropriate documentation for such expenses.

 To the Knowledge of the Company, no current officer, director or Affiliate of the Company is a party to any material agreement, contract, commitment or transaction with the Company or its Subsidiaries or has any material interest in any material property used by the Company or its Subsidiaries or is a Person that is a party to any Contract that would be required to be disclosed under Item     of regulation S K of the Securities Act.

 Licensee shall not in any manner or respect be the legal representative or agent of Licensor and shall not enter into or create any contracts, agreements, or obligations on the part of Licensor, either expressed or implied, nor bind Licensor in any manner or respect whatsoever; it being understood that this Agreement is only a contract for the license of the Marks.

 No remedy herein conferred upon any party is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, and each and every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law, in equity, by statute, or otherwise. No single or partial exercise by any party of any right, power or remedy hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof.

 In its financial statements, Seller intends to report each sale of a Mortgage Loan hereunder as a financing in accordance with GAAP. Seller has been advised by or confirmed with its independent public accountants that such sales can be so reported under GAAP on its financial statements.

   .  Any reference herein to Seller s knowledge or notice of any matter or thing shall only mean such knowledge of, or notice that has actually been received by, James Mendelson and Tom Molina (Seller s asset manager) (collectively,  Seller s Representative ), and any representation or warranty of Seller made to Seller s knowledge is based upon those matters of which Seller s Representative, or either of them, has actual knowledge. Seller agrees that Seller s Representative has discussed the terms of the representations and warranties contained in this Section    with William Panzer prior to the execution of this Agreement. Any knowledge or notice given, had or received by any of Seller s agents, servants or employees shall not be imputed to Seller, the general partner or limited partners of Seller, the subpartners of the general partner or limited partners of Seller or Seller s Representative.

 The Product shall remain the property of SANOVO until paid for in full to the extent that such retention of title is valid under the relevant law. The Buyer shall at the request of SANOVO assist in taking any measures necessary to protect SANOVO   s title to the Product. The retention of title shall not affect the passing of risk under Clause  . .

 (i) If any Holder (a  Seller ) has received and accepted a bona fide offer (a  Transfer Offer  ) to purchase any or all of the Company Securities (the  Transfer Stock ) then owned by such Seller to any person other than pursuant to an Exempt Transfer (as defined in Section  (c) below), then before the Seller may sell the Transfer Stock, the Seller shall provide to the Company a written notice detailing the terms of such Transfer Offer that the Seller has accepted with respect to such Transfer Stock (a  Transfer Notice ). Such Transfer Notice shall identity the Transfer Stock, the price of the Transfer Stock, the identity of the third party offeror and all the other material terms and conditions of such Transfer Offer. The Transfer Notice shall contain an irrevocable offer (a  First Offer ) to sell the Transfer Stock to the Company at a price equal to the price and upon substantially the same terms as the terms contained in such Transfer Offer. The Company shall have the irrevocable right and option (the  Right of First Offer ), exercisable as provided below, to accept the First Offer as to any or all Company Securities of the Transfer Stock. The Company shall provide the Seller with an irrevocable written notice of acceptance specifying the number of Company Securities of the Transfer Stock which the Company is agreeing to purchase pursuant to such First Offer, which shall be binding on the Company for the number of Company Securities in such notice of acceptance, which notice of acceptance must be provided to the Seller within fifteen (  ) business days after the date the Transfer Notice is given (the  Notice Period ).

 Should the Landlord, during the original or any renewal term of the Lease, decide to sell the building and property to any other person, corporation or company, the Landlord shall first offer the building and/or property for sale to Tenant at the same price as the Landlord   s best offer. Tenant shall have thirty (  ) days from the date of receipt of written notice of the other offer to match that offer in order to exercise Right of First Refusal to purchase the premises hereunder. Tenant   s offer must match not only terms of price but, also, all terms including payment method and any and all contingencies.

 Loans must be secured by the Participant s Accounts not to exceed    percent of the Participant s vested Account. A Participant must obtain the consent of his or her spouse, if any, to use a Participant Account as security for the loan, if the provisions of Section  .   apply to the Participant. Spousal consent shall be obtained no earlier than the beginning of the    day period that ends on the date on which the loan is to be so secured. The consent must be in writing, must acknowledge the effect of the loan, and must be witnessed by a Plan representative or notary public. Such consent shall thereafter be binding with respect to the consenting spouse or any subsequent spouse with respect to that loan.

 The parties acknowledge and agree that performance of their respective obligations hereunder will confer a unique benefit on the other and that a failure of performance will not be compensable by money damages. The parties therefore agree that this Shareholder Agreement shall be specifically enforceable and that specific enforcement and injunctive relief shall be available to the Parent, Purchaser or the Stockholder for any breach by the other party or parties of any agreement, covenant or representation hereunder.

   .  Subject to Clauses   . ,   . ,   .  and   .  each Party shall bear its own legal and other costs and expenses incurred in relation to or in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement, the Deed of Assignment and the sale and purchase hereby agreed to be made.

 The Administrator shall perform its duties under the Administrative Services Agreement diligently, in conformity with the Trust s obligations under the Program Documents and applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with the same standard of care exercised by a prudent person in connection with the performance of the same or similar duties and, in no event with less care than the Administrator exercises or would exercise in connection with the same or similar obligations if those obligations were the direct obligations of the Administrator.

 Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably submits to the non exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement.

 All of the Borrower   s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent.

 Each Consolidated Party has filed, or caused to be filed, all tax returns (federal, state, local and foreign) required to be filed and paid (a) all amounts of taxes shown thereon to be due (including interest and penalties) and (b) all other taxes, fees, assessments and other governmental charges (including mortgage recording taxes, documentary stamp taxes and intangibles taxes) owing by it, except for such taxes (i) which are not yet delinquent or (ii) that are being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings, and against which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP. No Credit Party is aware as of the Closing Date of any proposed tax assessments against it or any other Consolidated Party.

 The Lease shall automatically extend as a month  to month rental if; (a) written notice as specified in Section    hereof is not received by Lessor; or (b) such notice is received by Lessor but the Equipment is not returned upon the expiration of the Initial Term. Lessee shall pay as Rent to Lessor an amount based on the average monthly rent during the Initial Term on the due dates set out in the Schedules until terminated by either party by giving sixty (  ) days prior written notice. All terms and conditions of this Lease shall continue in full force and effect during any extension or renewal hereof.

 In the event of Termination for Cause, the Company and the Bank shall pay to the Employee the Salary and provide benefits under this Agreement only through the Date of Termination, and shall have no further obligation to the Employee under this Agreement.

 Unless expressly stated herein, this Agreement shall be solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and no other person or entity.

 Time is of the essence of this Agreement and of the obligations of the parties to purchase and sell the Property, it being acknowledged and agreed by and between the parties that any delay in effecting a closing pursuant to this Agreement may result in loss or damage to the party in full compliance with its obligations hereunder.

 At the Closing, the Buyer shall receive good and marketable title to all Assets, free and clear of all liens, mortgages, pledges, security interests, restrictions, prior assignments, encumbrances and claims of any kind or nature whatsoever.

 Such Defaulting Bank shall be deemed not to be a    Bank    for purposes of voting on any matters and the Commitment, outstanding Loans and Participation Interests of such Defaulting Bank shall not be included in determining whether all Banks or the Required Banks have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to Section   . ).

 Any waiver by either party of any breach of any term or condition in this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any other breach of such term or condition or of any other term or condition, nor shall any failure to enforce any provision hereof operate as a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof or constitute or be deemed a waiver or release of any other rights, in law or in equity.

